>> Evan You: Let's take a look
at how to tackle this function.
As we see, it returns the store.
Obviously, we just return
a new view instance from it.
And first thing we need to do is,
look at the apr requirement.
We need to be able to access the state,
in store view store.state.
So seems pretty obvious that we
can just put the state here,
that allows us to access
store.state directly and
it's reactive, which is great.
And the other part of the API
is ,this commit method, right?
So obviously,
we can make a commit method here.
And the implementation is that,
we look at what arguments does it take?
It takes the ID of the mutation, so
it's like mutationType or something.
And notice that, we are destructuring
the mutations object from our
declaration here, and mutations is
just an object with different keys.
>> Evan You: And so,
mutations[mutationType].
This will give us
the corresponding function,
which is this inc function here.
And notice that this inc function
needs to be passed .state,
so it needs to be passed here.
>> Evan You: And now,
we've essentially complete the picture.
>> Evan You: So
yeah, pretty straight forward,
the real thing to note here is that,
the step from going to a bare bone
view instance, to how we can use that.
Wrap it up with some utility functions and
eventually, expose a different API.
So for this small exercise, our new
create store effect doesn't really make
things fundamentally more useful,
than a simple view instance.
This is really just to
demonstrate how ViewX,
in fact ViewX is implementing
in a very similar fashion,
but we can add more functionalities to it.
For example, ViewX has a concept
of actions, getters, modules.
And build it upon that, but at the root
of it, at the core of ViewX is still,
this reactivity system
driven by view essences.
So hopefully, you kinda get an idea,
you can leverage the same pattern,
tweak the API to a state that you like.
To create an alternative state of
management solution to your liking,
so that's totally possible.
And I really recommend people to
experiment and just fiddle with these,
because it really helps you understand.
How a famed engine library
that looks really fancy and
powerful are in fact composed
of these little bits.
They're all built from
these common primitives.